**RUNNING THE SERVER AS ROOT IS HIGHLY UNRECOMMENDED.**

Should an exploit be found in the server or any modules you may
be running that allows remote code execution, an attacker would
have full control over the system due to the server running as
the root user.

Consider running as an unprivileged user made specifically for
this server (such as 'vcmp') to prevent such a situation from
occurring.

If you are sure that you want to run the server as root, add
-allow-server-runas-root to the end of your server run command
(e.g. ./server -allow-server-runas-root).

Exiting.
**RUNNING THE SERVER AS ROOT IS HIGHLY UNRECOMMENDED.**

Should an exploit be found in the server or any modules you may
be running that allows remote code execution, an attacker would
have full control over the system due to the server running as
the root user.

Consider running as an unprivileged user made specifically for
this server (such as 'vcmp') to prevent such a situation from
occurring.

If you are sure that you want to run the server as root, add
-allow-server-runas-root to the end of your server run command
(e.g. ./server -allow-server-runas-root).

Exiting.
**RUNNING THE SERVER AS ROOT IS HIGHLY UNRECOMMENDED.**

Should an exploit be found in the server or any modules you may
be running that allows remote code execution, an attacker would
have full control over the system due to the server running as
the root user.

Consider running as an unprivileged user made specifically for
this server (such as 'vcmp') to prevent such a situation from
occurring.

If you are sure that you want to run the server as root, add
-allow-server-runas-root to the end of your server run command
(e.g. ./server -allow-server-runas-root).

Exiting.
